 PROBLEM STATEMENT DETAILS Problem Statement ID 1615 Problem Statement Learning path dashboard for enhancing skills. Title Description Background: For a much simplified and initial solution, input (publication record) can also be provided in a consolidated single bibtex file. However, it is desirable to provide input as an excel sheet, as mentioned earlier. Description: The proposed solution should be able Instructor shall have educational resources files in different formats like pdf, word, etc. and hyper-links of relevant academic literature Expected solutions: The desired solution Is required to: -Learning dashboard showing different reading statistics like reading time of a particular topic. Total finishing time of a particular skill, -The instructor should be able to easily create a learning path along with incorporating learning resources, as mentioned "inputs." Including videos. -Progress made by the learner should be continuously updated. -The desired solution must follow UX principles Organization Government of NCT of Delhi Department IT Department, GNCTD Category Software ‘Theme ‘Smart Education Youtube Link Dataset Link SWOT ANALYSIS • What is SWAT analysis? SWOT analysis for a person is a self-assessment tool used to identify and evaluate their Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats. It helps in understanding personal attributes and external factors that could influence their success and growth. • STRENGTHS: Personal attributes and skills that provide an advantage. Examples include strong work ethic, specific technical skills, or effective communication abilities. • WEAKNESSES: Personal limitations or areas that need improvement. Examples include procrastination, lack of experience in a particular area, or difficulty in managing stress. • OPPOTUNITIES: External factors that could benefit personal growth or career advancement. Examples include networking opportunities, educational programs, or emerging job markets. • THREATS: External factors that could pose challenges or obstacles. Examples include economic downturns, increased competition in the job market, or changes in industry requirements. MY SWOT ANALYSIS • STRENGTHS: 1. Good technical skills 2. Hard working • WEAKNESSES: 1. Lack of confidence 2. Stage fear 3. Poor communication skills • OPPOTUNITIES: 1. I can get good internships 2. I can do freelancing • THREATS: 1. Lack of connections Helpful Harmful to achieving the objective to achieving the objective Strengths Weaknesses cs 1 ON <s o8 — ov Os Cs <u or Ya £5 J Opportunities Threats External origin (attributes of the environment) 